
                        PYTHON
                        
Python is a popular general purpose programming language 
used for both large and small-scale applications. With 
Python, you can discover how to bridge web development and
data analytics. Python modules interact with a variety of 
databases, making it an excellent choice for large-scale data 
analysis.The Python programming language is often the best choice 
for introductory courses in data science and machine learning. 
If you've been wondering how to learn python online to advance 
your career, you've come to the right destination.

                Why Learn Python?
We recommend these courses for those who wish to learn Python 
without prior computer programming experience. Python is 
used in large-scale functions and software engineering jobs, such 
as game development, machine learning, database management, and more. 
Regardless of your end goals, this collection covers the fundamentals 
of programming in Python.

            Our Services with Python
In this acadamy we will provide full python based course of web 
development using django as a backend and react framework of javascript
as front end. Course duration will be 3 months everyday 1 hour full class

                        C#

C# is pronounced "C-Sharp". It is an object-oriented 
programming language created by Microsoft that runs on the 
.NET Framework. C# has roots from the C family, and the 
language is close to other popular languages like C++ and Java.
The first version was released in year 2002. The latest version, 
C# 8, was released in September 2019.C# is used for:Mobile applications
Desktop applications,Web applications,Web services,Web sites,
Games,VR,Database applications,And much, much more!

We provide 2 months complete course of C# of fare 20000


                        JAVA

Java is a popular programming language, created in 1995.
It is owned by Oracle, and more than 3 billion devices run Java.
It is used for:Mobile applications (specially Android apps),
Desktop applications,Web applications,Web servers and application 
servers,Games,Database connection,And much, much more!

we provide 3 month complete course of fare 20000

                        DATASCIENCE

The Introduction to Data Science class will survey the foundational 
topics in data science, namely:Data Manipulation,Data Analysis
with Statistics and Machine Learning,Data Communication with 
Information Visualization,Data at Scale ,Working with Big Data
The class will focus on breadth and present the topics briefly 
instead of focusing on a single topic in depth. This will give 
you the opportunity to sample and apply the basic techniques of data science.

This course is also a part of our Data Analyst Nanodegree.
The course will be complete in 2 months. It brieffy explain python
libraries like numpy and pandas.


The Fare of all the courses are 20000. You can pay money directly once or
you can pay monthly 10000 for 2 months continue. The fare should be payied
before completion of course.
